Dustin: How are the aquarium people? Fishtanktv.com Dustin 's Fish Tanks giving it to you from
Steve's house. Are you going to talk about Steve's aquarium. Enthusiastic to show us his tank. Agitated
to re-create videos because I felt completely dead like 4 days. Both daughters
sick mama sick clean up puke. Ill miss myself from a few days of work. Terrible
, terrible, terrible. Wash your hands. If you have children, their hands
wash before you feed them. It is filthy. Anyway you can talk about some
tanks. Must say what's up Steve dude.
Steve: Man I hope you left that funk at home.
Dustin: I got the funk, I'll take the funk to your home baby. The 55, goodbye
to take the 55. Oh man, people are going to be so angry. It's a sad day guy
. He called me the other day, had this sad tone in his voice as a guy, I have a plan
. I thought he was going to move to Zimbabwe or something. I didn't know where
you go with that conversation. He was like "I have a plan:" I was like oh no, something big
. Then he was like "I'm knocking down the 55" which is just as painful for me to
to hear . He tells me to enlarge I will zoom in brother. So here it is
the man . Saying goodbye to 55. How long have you had this thing on humans.
Steve: Years ... Years Dustin: I got it when you moved?
Steve: Yes, it's been about 3 years. Dustin: About 3 years.
Steve: Maybe 2 years Dustin: Let's just go ahead and do it
it does. You have your crypts, they are just exile there, those Crypts there. And then I have
you Ludblu Cortinalis, that's just great. And then the Anubius all in the mix.
Steve: Java Fern Dustin: Java Fern. Vendelov. Then you have
the Rotella that I always like. Anubius: the same deal. A couple
beautiful rainbows. Give me your theory a lot. I know you read some articles
about it, it's just a change thing. Tell us why you tear this tank to
downstairs, what's your theory about taking tanks down, and we're talking about what's going on
going on next. Steve: Well frankly my theory about it
tearing this tank down is because i really want to play in the discus tank and it is
not big enough . I'm going to upgrade, go with the 72 bowfront. You know it's okay too
to switch every now and then. You've been going for a few years, it's time for one
change. When I started this tank it was all about the big piece of wood
so covered with Anubius now that you can hardly see it is there. But you know that
it was time for a change. Turn it on, keep it interesting. Receive something
otherwise release there in my house and have more fun figuring out how to plant it.
Dustin: People hate when I cut you off, so I'm just not going to talk.
Steve: That's all I have for. Dustin: That's all you have? Alright
. Yes dude so the driftwood I have to talk about it, because I had it right in my pond,
you can't even see it now. I didn't know you could do it. It just really pops
, it really works. It was in a 55 and it is just a really big piece. When this
is jerked, I don't know if you are going to use it again, but I would like to
show that piece at a certain point. We will get a video of it. That is one
Bryan Campbell special. Yes man the rainbows have been good for you. He has this one
beautiful fool here. Oh man she is beautiful, just beautiful fish. You've got to love it
. We are probably, we were wanting to put this tank in the green house. Oh by the way
people are like peace in the work of Steve Ludwigia. Messed up orders, they got angry
. They were like you said you were not going to touch dude. Someone had some Ludwigia
. It will grow back, it will be nice to you all. So yes, tear up
To go downstairs to the 72 bowfront we decided. A lot of good things going on in this tank man
. Lots of fish there. Steve: Thing about tanks, tanks never the same
stay and all tanks just grown so over that you are tired of hacking things, sometimes
It is better to just start being fresh. Amano wrote an article about that and sometimes
You only get tired of trimming Dustin: Tired of trimming
Steve: Just have to start from scratch, clear the palette.
Dustin: Erasing the canvas here. This is the last video. Moment of silence before
the 55. That's it people. Quick update a lot of people have done a lot of it
I signed up for the newsletter at Aquatic Jungles. I go through all my old ones
video, introducing comments, and looping them there so you definitely want to check
that out, a lot of good advice. Going through old videos, old times out
to pull . As well as some things you told me. It is really good
stuff there: go to the aquatic jungle, download the top 10 tank tips to your left
. People are giving me some good feedback on that, so I totally want it
plug that. And again wash your hands people this flu is poultry. So that's what's up
! Steve is bringing the discus down and we are excited. Later on .